Submission

I am in full support of an inquiry into the handling of the Australian
response to Covid. I was a secondary school teacher in a leadership role
and lost my job due to mandates that our own prime minister at the time
said were unconstitutional and illegal to enforce. My main areas of
concerns are as follows:
- government over reach and the breaking of constitutional laws and the
Nuremberg code
- vaccines administered to the public that were experimental and had not
gone through testing procedures
      -     vaccination programs run through schools where children over
the age of 14 did not need parental consent to be injected
      -                 Masks, sign ins and lockdowns enforced on the population
      -     Covid testing that was ineffective and often gave false
results, saw numerous time where lemons were tested and showed a positive
result
      -     Investigate the number of vaccine injuries, they are
everywhere, my nephew is one of them
      -                 Police over reach enforcing government procedures
      -     Investigate the number of deaths in aged care after
vaccination times, I know an aged care worker who left because she could
not bare to watch this happen each time the vaccines came out
      -                 Children being vaccinated when they were not at risk
      -     Investigate what nurses saw and what they are still seeing,
why have they been told NOT to record if the patient in front of them is
vaccinated
      -     I personally know people in their twenties who now have heart
problems and Myocarditis
      -     Investigate died suddenly, why are athletes and seemingly
healthy people dying suddenly
      -     Investigate censorship, why were prominent and expert doctors
silenced and censored on social media and media news
      -     Why was ivermectin made illegal to administer? Why weren't
people given this option to try, it is Safe and Effective
      -     Why have the vaccines not been removed after the high rate of
deaths and vaccine injuries?
      -     Our annual death rate has increased dramatically yet there is
a media black out on it, why? What is causing this huge increase?
